cab-minutes-2021-09-15 (#406)
openforcefield/openforcefield.org: content/minutes/cab/2021-09-15-minutes.md

---
date: "2021-09-15T00:00:00+00:00"
title: "Sep 15, 2021 Advisory Board Meeting"
tags: ["Open Force Field Consortium", "Advisory Board", "minutes"]
categories: ["Advisory Board Meeting Minutes"]
draft: false
description: "Meeting minutes"
weight: 10
author: "Diego Nolasco"
---

The [Open Force Field Consortium Advisory Board](https://openforcefield.org/about/organization/#open-force-field-consortium) met on September 15, 2021.
The minutes are summarized as follows:

#### Governing Board Elections

* K. Condic-Jurkic announced that after confirmation in the meeting and via email K. Meier and T. Fox are willing to continue their roles in the [Consortium Governing Board](https://openforcefield.org/about/organization/). Additionally, K. Condic-Jurkic encouraged others to run for the positions. 

#### Renewals - status update

* K. Condic-Jurkic presented the numbers regarding the OpenFF Consortium funding and F. Pickard stated that "at [Pfizer](https://www.pfizer.com/) we have been really happy with OpenFF, and we plan to continue supporting the initiative".

#### Open Free Energy update

> * D. Mobley announced that the Open Free Energy Initiative is moving forward. [Richard Gowers](https://github.com/richardjgowers) was just been hired as the technical lead, and will star working on October. Several companies have signed contracts and the governing board is being populated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* D. Mobley announced that the Open Free Energy Initiative is moving forward. [Richard Gowers](https://github.com/richardjgowers) was just been hired as the technical lead, and will start working in October. Several companies have signed contracts and the governing board is being populated.
```

#### Follow-up workshops

> * As K. Condic-Jurkic asked for feedbacks about the follow-up workshops, K. Meier said that she took part in both workshops, and "really liked the format". She also pointed out the fact that the events were "crisp and sharp". F. Pickard extolled the fact that "it was super cool to have notebooks that ran for the first time, and that let the less techies among us really get in on the action".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As K. Condic-Jurkic asked for feedbacks about the follow-up workshops, K. Meier said that she took part in both workshops, and "really liked the format". She also pointed out the fact that the events were "crisp and sharp". F. Pickard extolled the fact that "it was super cool to have notebooks that ran for the first time, and that let the less technical among us really get in on the action".
```
